[automate-2692] annotate rules protos (#3162)
chef/automate: components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/iam-v2-guide.md

The `projects` field on a statement is an array that may contain more than one existing project, a wildcard `*` to indicate permission to resources in _any project_, or `(unassigned)` to indicate permission to resources that have not been assigned to a project.

Note that the `projects` property in statements designates permission for the resources within the statement (here, that is `iam:users` and `iam:teams`), _not_ for the policy itself, and _cannot_ be left empty.

> For more about projects, please see [Projects]({{< relref "iam-v2-guide.md#projects" >}} documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more about projects, see [Projects in the IAM v2 Guide]({{< relref "iam-v2-guide.md#projects" >}} documentation.
```

thought I don't think we are suppose to say v2 anymore...
